disease is a major killer microbes and
parasites evolve rapidly in the company
of larger animals like these are daily
penguins they are transmitted easily
between crowded individuals often
breeding in squalid conditions in grime
and fouled water diseases weaken the
body's immune system and cause sickness
advertising resistance to disease is
important to make selection some
creatures have incorporated it into
their courtship and the onus is on the
male here at 10,000 feet in the Sierra
Nevada mountains of California
birds declare their bill of health these
sage-grouse gather in open meeting
places to find their mates
if the males have been driven by the
females to show that they are
disease-free itself a reflection of a
strong genetic Constitution and a good
immune system healthy yellow skin
pouches are the hallmark of fitness and
quality the females are looking for but
this male has tuberculosis his skin
tissues are inflamed and scarred by the
condition
he will never make but those displaying
strong immunity from such conditions
will
you